Feature/foxy revision (#187)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/tutorials/core/first_application_rtos/nuttx.md

```

and with no `[OPTIONS]` parameter.
To proceed with the configuration, clone the following NuttX tools repo:

```bash
# Download the tools necessary to work with NuttX
git clone https://bitbucket.org/nuttx/tools.git firmware/tools
```

and then install the required `kconfig-frontends`:

```bash
pushd firmware/tools/kconfig-frontends
./configure
make

# if the make command fails, type: autoreconf -f -i , and then rerun the make command.

sudo make install
sudo ldconfig
popd
```

We'll now open an interactive NuttX menu config, which allows to modify the configuration of the RTOS, including adding a new application.

```bash
cd firmware/NuttX
make menuconfig
```

To add the `uros_pingpong` application, follow the steps listed below:

* On the menu, follow the path: `Application Configuration ---> Examples`
* A list of the available applications will appear. You need to find: `micro-ROS Ping-Pong` and press the space bar to add it.
* Navigate to the bottom menu with the left and right arrows, and click on the `Exit` button.
* When you're back to the `Application Configuration` menu, go to `micro-ROS ---> Transport (UDP transport)`.

> * A list of the available transports will appear. You need to go to `Serial transport` and press the space bar to add it. After that, you'll be automatically redirected to the previous menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A list of the available transports will appear. You need to go to `Serial transport` and press the space bar to set the Serial port as micro-ROS transport. After that, you'll be automatically redirected to the previous menu.
```

Reviewer: For the tutorial, the correct serial port is selected. In the Nuttx port for Olimex you have 3 board UARTs but we have configured by default the ttyS0 (the one used in tutorials). So I think that this would be a problem

Additionally, you'll need to connect a USB-to-mini-USB cable to the USB OTG 1 connector (the miniUSB connector
that is closer to the Ethernet port).

<img width="500" style="padding-right: 25px;" src="../imgs/7.jpg">

***TIP:** Color codes are applicable to
[this cable](https://www.olimex.com/Products/Components/Cables/USB-Serial-Cable/USB-SERIAL-F/).
Make sure to match Olimex Rx with Cable Tx and vice-versa. Remember GND!*

## Running the micro-ROS app

At this point, you have both the client and the agent correctly installed.

To start micro-ROS, you first need to run the agent:

```bash
# Run a micro-ROS agent
ros2 run micro_ros_agent micro_ros_agent serial --dev [device]
```

***TIP:** you can use this command to find your serial device name: `ls /dev/serial/by-id/*`*

Then, in order to launch the micro-ROS application, you need to install and open Minicom,
a text-based serial port communications program. Open a new shell, and type:

```bash
sudo minicom -D [device] -b 115200
```

***TIP:** you can use this command to find your serial device name: `ls /dev/serial/by-id/*`. Select the one that starts with `usb-NuttX`.*

> From inside the Minicom application, press three times the `Enter` key. Once you enter the Minicom command line, type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From inside the Minicom application, press three times the `Enter` key until Nuttx Shell (NSH) appears. Once you enter the NSH command line, type:
```
